.TH dillo 1 "May 19, 2009" "version 2.1" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
dillo \- web browser
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dillo
.RI [ OPTION ]...
.RB [ \-\- ]
.RI [ URL | FILE ]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Dillo is a lightweight graphical web browser that aims to be secure.
It handles HTTP internally, and FILE, FTP, and
DATA URIs are handled through a plugin system (dpi). In addition,
.I INSECURE
HTTPS support can be enabled. Both FTP and Dillo's download manager use the
.BR wget (1)
downloader.
.PP
Dillo displays HTML, text, PNG, JPEG, and GIF files.
It handles cookies, basic authentication, proxying, and some CSS.
.PP
Framesets are displayed as links to frames, and there is currently
no support for javascript or video.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-fullwindow\fR
Start in full window mode: hide address bar, navigation buttons, menu, and
status bar.
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-geometry \fIGEO\fR
Set initial window position where \fIGEO\fR is
\fIW\fBx\fIH\fR[{\fB+\-\fR}\fIX\fR{\fB+\-\fR}\fIY\fR].
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display this help text and exit.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-local\fR
Don't load images for these URL(s).
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Display version info and exit.
.TP
\fB\-x\fR, \fB\-\-xid \fIXID\fR
Open first Dillo window in an existing window whose window ID is XID (decimal).
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B -1
Error in command line arguments.
.TP
.B 0
No error.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR "HOME " "(or " "HOMEDRIVE " "and " "HOMEPATH " "on Cygwin)"
User's home directory.
.TP
.B LOGNAME
User's login name, used to generate dpi sockets in /tmp.
.TP
.B http_proxy
URL of proxy to send HTTP traffic through.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I dpid 
Dillo plugin daemon
.TP
.I ~/.dillo/bm.txt 
User bookmarks
.TP
.I ~/.dillo/cookies.txt 
Stored cookies
.TP
.I ~/.dillo/cookiesrc 
Cookie settings
.TP
.I ~/.dillo/dillorc 
Configuration file.
.TP
.I ~/.dillo/dpi_socket_dir 
Contains name of directory containing dpi sockets.
.TP
.I ~/.dillo/dpidrc 
Contains name of directory containing dpis, and associates
dpi files with protocols.
.TP
.I ~/.dillo/keysrc 
Keybindings.
.TP
.I ~/.dillo/style.css 
User style sheet
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wget (1)
.PP
Dillo website:
.B http://www.dillo.org
